[DPS-2033] Add event specification validation page (#1756)
snowplow/documentation: docs/event-studio/tracking-plans/event-specifications/index.md

You can only make event specifications within tracking plans. Tracking plans are wrappers for related event specifications. Each event specification belongs to a single tracking plan.
:::

> Once an event specification is ready, you can publish it to make it active in the pipeline. Publishing enables [event specification inference](/docs/event-studio/tracking-plans/event-specification-inference/index.md), which automatically matches incoming events to your published specifications and surfaces volume and observability data in the Console. It also enables [event specification validation](/docs/event-studio/tracking-plans/event-specification-validation/index.md) for events that arrive with a specification entity attached, attaching a validation entity to the event when it does not conform to the specification's rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an event specification is ready, you can publish it to make it active in the pipeline. Publishing enables two features: [event specification inference](/docs/event-studio/tracking-plans/event-specification-inference/index.md) and [event specification validation](/docs/event-studio/tracking-plans/event-specification-validation/index.md). Inference automatically matches incoming events to your published specifications, surfacing volume and observability data in the Console. Validation applies to events that arrive with a specification entity attached: if an event doesn't conform to the specification's rules, a validation entity is attached to flag the issue.

```
